[singing voice] Aniplex.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Rin] Please come home soon,
Father.
[alarm clock ringing]
[groans]
Ooh, shut up!
Come on.
Already?
I was up late last night
so just give me
a few more minutes!
[groans]
Evil, heartless jerk!
[exhales]
[birds chirping]
[exhales sharply]
[dramatic piano music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasps]
Oh, that's right.
The pendant.
♪♪ ♪♪
I know that it hasn't
really begun just yet,
but I can't be too careful,
can I?
[birds chirping]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
What's going on?
It's way too quiet.
I don't see a single student
on the street.
♪♪ ♪♪
Well, guess it's just one
of those days.
[gasps]
‐ [Ayako] Hey, Tohsaka.
‐ Hmm?
You're awfully early today.
[exhales]
So that's what's going on.
[chuckles]
[Ayako] Morning.
Sure is cold today, huh?
[Rin] Good morning,
Mitsuzuri
By the way,
do you happen
to know what time it is?
Hmm?
Yeah, I do.
It's just before 7:00.
You come early by mistake?
[Rin] It looks like the clocks
at my house were an hour fast.
Not just my alarm clock,
but the wall clocks, too,
and all by exactly
the same amount.
It started right after
I found the pendant.
Could Father be the cause
of this?
[grunts]
Wake up, girl!
Are you practicing
this early again?
Yeah, I lost one
of our best club members.
[Ayako] I have to try to put on
a decent show so that we can get
more good people on our team.
Geez, as the captain,
you have
to think about things like that?
[Ayako] Hey,
since you're here and all,
why don't you come
and watch us practice?
So you're really
not gonna watch?
Yeah, thank you,
but I'll pass.
It looks cool and all,
but I don't know
a thing about it.
[Sakura] Good morning, captain.
Hey.
Good morning, Matou.
He didn't come, huh?
No, ma'am.
I'm sorry that I wasn't able
to be of more help.
Look, it's fine.
Don't worry.
If he doesn't wanna do it,
it's no use.
Besides, we can't force him.
I suppose I'll be going, then.
See you later, Mitsuzuri.
Okay.
See you later, Tohsaka.
Thank you for visiting,
Miss Tohsaka.
No problem.
Work hard, Sakura.
[door slides open and closed]
[birds chirping]
‐ [Shinji] Hey, Tohsaka!
‐ Hmm?
‐ [Shinji] Good morning!
‐ [groans]
[Shinji] Must be my lucky day,
running into you like this.
Good morning,
Shinji Matou.
You're early today.
Of course I am.
I'm team captain, remember?
[laughs]
A vice captain, moron.
‐ Goodbye.
‐ [grunts]
Hey, wait up!
You should come check out
our morning practice!
Thanks, but I'll pass.
I don't wanna get in the way
of them practicing.
Come on.
Nobody will mind.
Weren't you listening
to me just now?
I told you I'll pass,
and besides that,
I'm not all that interested
in archery to begin with.
Really?
I didn't know that.
I always thought you
were fascinated by it.
Hmm.
That's very interesting.
I thought you kept coming
to watch
our after school practices
because you enjoyed it.
That must mean you were there
to watch something else.
‐ Like me?
‐ [groans]
[exhales]
Just stay away from me, Matou,
okay?
Huh?
Let me be crystal clear.
I'm not interested in archery
in any way whatsoever
but I'm even less interested
inn you.
Fact is,
I only just now even noticed
that you were
at the archery range.
I'm sure I won't notice you
in the future.
[both giggling]
[Shinji] What did you say?
How dare you, Tohsaka?
[snarls]
[Rin] You know what,
Mr. Self‐Absorbed?
You should really think
about dialing it down.
Just friendly advice.
Hi!
You're early, Tohsaka!
Good morning!
Good morning to you,
Ms. Fujimura.
Hmm?
[grunting]
Tohsaka.
Well, student council president.
Are you really patrolling
the campus this early
in the morning,
or is it maintenance
on the club rooms?
Not that I care either way.
‐ Ever the diligent student.
‐ [scoffs]
And what might you have up
your sleeve this morning?
I know that you aren't
in any clubs,
so why are you here so early?
I felt like it,
that's all.
[groans]
[Shirou] Okay, Issei.
I fixed it.
[gasps]
Thanks a lot.
I asked you for your help
and then you ended up
doing everything.
I'm very sorry, Emiya.
[Shirou] It's okay.
Where's the next one?
We don't have a lot of time.
[Issei] Right.
It's over in the AV room.
They say it's been
acting up lately,
but I think it's finally
lived out its lifespan.
[Shirou] If it's dead,
I can't fix that.
Why don't you buy a new one?
That'd be quicker.
That's true
but I'd appreciate it
if you'd take a look
at it anyway.
I mean,
it looked lifeless to me,
but you may be able
to see if it's just faking it.
[Shirou] Okay,
I'll give it a try.
I didn't know you came
to school this early.
Hmm?
Was that his way of trying
to say hello?
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Uh, excuse me, Tohsaka?
If you don't mind,
would you like
to eat lunch together with us?
Thank you for asking, Saegusa,
but I can't.
I'm sorry.
I'm going
to the cafeteria today.
I'm afraid I overslept
this morning.
[Yukika] Oh, you did?
I didn't know.
I'm very sorry
for stopping you, then.
I'll join you next time,
so please ask me again, okay?
[Yukika giggles]
I will!
Wow, I had no idea you were
even capable of oversleeping.
[Rin] To tell you the truth,
I do it all the time.
I'm not in any clubs because
I can't get out
of bed in the morning.
Gotta go now.
Have a nice lunch.
Thanks.
You, too, Tohsaka.
[Kaede] Looks like you got
shot down, Yuki.
Didn't I tell you?
Tohsaka never brings
a boxed lunch to school.
[Kane] Maki, all we need
to do is go to the cafeteria
and eat lunch with her,
right?
[Kaede scoffs]
No way.
Just try sitting
with Tohsaka sometime.
It's annoying.
Our table becomes the center
of the guys' attention.
When we all went out
last weekend,
all the guys wanted
to talk to her
and I just got
to sit and watch.
You know,
I'd be quieter if I were you.
Tohsaka can hear everything
you say.
Uh‐‐
[gasps]
Aww, geez.
She's staring daggers at me.
Huh?
What are you talking about?
It really doesn't look
like she's glaring at you.
‐ It's a hateful glare!
‐ Hmm?
Tohsaka's at her scariest
when she's smiling.
It's a little smack talk, okay?
Just let it slide!
I bought you taiyaki,
didn't I?
[birds chirping]
[keys jingling]
[Rin] I had such high hopes
for Father's last will.
Last night I found the memento
he'd hidden after solving
an annoying puzzle
he'd left for me.
When I finally got it open,
all it had inside
was what looked like
a smashed‐up catalyst
and this pendant.
Plus, all the clocks
in the house started
to go crazy.
[exhales]
I know this pendant
is very useful
but it's not going to do
a thing to help me summon Saber,
the most powerful servant.
Only two masters left to go,
according
to that dubious priest.
I guess I don't have time
to mope and worry.
[distant crows cawing]
Hmm?
[answering machine beeps]
[Woman] You have one message
recorded January 31st
at 3:21 p. m.
[Kirei] Rin, it's me.
As I'm sure you are aware,
the deadline for entry
is tomorrow.
I'd advise you to hurry
and decide immediately.
Only two slots remain.
They are the Archer
and Saber classes.
Their masters must be chosen
without delay.
Summon your servant
and establish
your command seals immediately.
Of course,
if you are not participating
in the Holy Grail War,
that is a different matter.
If you value your life,
seek shelter with the‐‐
[machine beeps]
Huh.
You don't have to tell me
what I have to do.
[stone scrapes across floor]
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
Preparations ready.
Time is perfect.
Wavelength ideal.
By performing the summoning
at 2:00 a. m.
when my mana is at its peak,
I'll get Saber even without
a catalyst.
Just you watch.
[grunts]
[exhales]
[Rin] For the elements silver
and iron,
the foundation stone
and the archduke of pacts,
and for my great master
Schweinorg.
Close the four gates,
come forth from the crown,
and follow
the forked road leading
to the kingdom.
Fill, fill, fill, fill, fill.
Repeat five times,
but when each is filled,
destroy it.
Set.
Heed my words.
My will creates your body
and your sword
creates my destiny.
If you heed the Grail's call
and obey my will and reason,
then answer me.
I hereby swear I shall be all
the good in the world,
that I shall defeat all evil
in the world.
Seventh Heaven clad
in the great words of power.
From the binding circle,
thou guardian of the scales!
[breathing heavily]
[laughing]
That was flawless!
I know I drew
the most powerful card there is!
Huh?
[booming]
[breathing heavily]
Why?
Damn stupid door!
Damn it!
[breathing heavily]
Mm?
Hmm?
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[groans]
Wait.
[Rin] All the clocks
in the house were running
an hour early
when I got up this morning,
which means it's now 1:00 a. m.,
not 2:00 a. m.
I did it again!
Well, what's done is done,
I guess.
[groans]
Why did you give me
this task, father?
[groans]
Oh, all right.
What are you?
That's the first thing
you say to me?
Well, well, well.
Looks like I was summoned
by quite the master.
No, wait.
I must have drawn
the shorter straw.
[grunts]
Just to be perfectly clear,
whoever you are,
you're my servant, correct?
[grunts]
And am I to presume that you
are my master?
You weren't present
when I emerged
from the summoning.
Don't tell me you expected
your master to be sitting here
waiting for you
to give you a warm welcome.
Give me a break.
You're not a baby.
[groans]
All right, fine.
Just answer my question, okay?
You really are my servant,
right?
Just mine and no one else's.
Is that correct?
Master‐servant relationships
should be clearly laid out
right off the bat.
Of course.
I completely agree
with that opinion.
However,
where's the evidence
that you're really my master
and not some impostor?
Right here.
This is all the proof you need
that I am your master.
[grunts]
[exhales sharply]
Oh, dear.
Do you really mean that,
little miss?
That's not what I want to see.
That token on your hand
is meaningless.
What I want to see
is if you're someone
who's worthy
of my loyalty.
Excuse me?
I'm not good enough
to be your master?
[grunts]
[Archer] I'm completely
dissatisfied,
but I'll acknowledge you
as my master.
But only on one condition.
In the war to come,
I will not obey your commands.
I will decide how I battle.
You don't object to that,
do you?
[groans]
I see.
You begrudgingly acknowledge me
but refuse to listen
to my tactical opinions.
How can that be?
You are my servant,
are you not?
Yes, but in form only.
So,
I will obey you in form only.
Oh, and I'll be calling
my own shots until
this Holy Grail War ends.
I suggest you sit tight down
in some cellar.
‐ [Rin groans]
‐ [Archer] If you do that,
even a novice like you should
be able to stay alive.
Oh, have I made you angry?
Well, I've great respect
for your office.
After all,
I was summoned here
to win a great victory
for my master.
[Rin groans]
[Archer] My victory
will be your victory,
and I'll pass on any fruits
of battle to you.
I'm sure that's acceptable?
So, just leave everything
to me now
and see to your own safety
and well being.
I don't expect anything
from you.
[grunts]
[Rin] Shut up already!
Fine!
You asked for it!
I'll show you who's master!
Anfang!
What?
Wait!
[Rin] No, I won't!
You despicable ingrate!
[speaking foreign language]
What are you doing?
Are you crazy?
Wasting a command seal
on something like this?
[speaking foreign language]
Silence!
Listen,
you are my goddamn servant!
That means absolute obedience!
You'll do everything I say!
[grunting]
[groans]
Are you really that stupid?
I can't believe you wasted
a command seal on that!
L‐‐Let's take this elsewhere.
[Rin] Come with me.
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Well, Master,
I think I now have
a pretty good idea
of who you are.
But just to be clear,
you do realize how precious
command seals are,
don't you?
What's that superior tone?
Absolute obedience
to what I say, my ass.
They symbolize our power
to compel our servants
up to three times.
Of course I know that.
[inhales and exhales sharply]
Listen to me.
[Archer] Command seals compel
a servant
to perform a specific action.
For example,
I am totally incapable
of teleporting away
from this place.
However,
if you ordered via command seal,
it would use both our mana
to make the teleport possible.
The three seals
are the crystallization
of high magic overcoming
the limits of flesh and blood.
Oh, well, I supposed that number
has been reduced to two now.
I know all that.
So what?
I still have two command seals
I can use.
Besides, the first seal worked.
I didn't waste it.
I must admit,
I miscalculated a bit.
With vaguely‐worded orders,
command seals
are less effective,
which is exactly what happened
with your order earlier.
[grunts]
Even 100 command seals could not
cause true,
absolute obedience
in all words and actions.
[exhales sharply]
Then you're saying
the command seal
I used on you earlier
was pointless?
[Archer] Yes,
normally that would be the case.
However, it would seem
that your skill as a mage
is extraordinary.
[Rin] Are you flattering me?
No.
That's what I miscalculated.
Since your order,
I felt a powerful compulsion
to obey you.
Very annoying.
Wait, um, what are you saying?
I take back what I said, Master.
You may be young in years
but you're really
an outstanding mage.
I made a mistake looking down
on you
as just a helpless child
and trying to keep you
from fighting.
I apologize to you for that.
[grunts]
Then you acknowledge me
as your master
even without me using
a command seal?
Of course I do.
[Archer] I had just
been summoned
and was not fully acclimated,
but we are now fully connected.
As a powerful mage,
you can sense the bond
between us through our pact.
Yes, our pact.
Oh, that's right.
Servants are summoned
by the Holy Grail
but it's not the Grail
that anchors them to this world.
[Archer] Right.
A master's power does.
As you know,
servants need mana
from their masters
to stay in this world.
My mana feed from you
is satisfactory.
No doubt,
you are a first‐rate mage.
[gasps]
[scoffs]
It's too late
to score points
with silly flattery.
[groans]
[gasps]
Wait, you aren't a Saber?
[grunts]
[Archer] I hate to disappoint,
but I have no sword.
Which means that you're
the archer.
‐ [Archer exhales sharply]
‐ Boy, did I blow it.
I used all those gems
and then still didn't get
the Saber.
Too bad for you I'm not
the saber.
Hmm?
Well,
it was an awfully
painful blunder,
to be sure,
but I'm completely to blame.
[both grunting]
I will make you rue those words.
Apologize all you want.
I won't forgive you.
Huh?
[gasps]
[giggles]
Very well.
Just see to it that I regret
my words, Archer.
When you do,
I'll be willing
to apologize to you.
Good.
Just don't forget, Master.
[dramatic piano music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Oh, that's right.
I almost forgot to ask.
What heroic spirit are you?
[Archer grunts]
Archer?
I can't give you any information
about who I really am.
For the simple reason
that I myself don't know.
What?
What's that supposed to mean?
Are you messing with me, Archer?
I can't believe this!
I don't mean to insult you,
Master.
But it's because
of your imperfect summoning.
My memories are a jumble.
And my identity is all hazy.
‐ [Rin stammers]
‐ [Archer] Admittedly,
those aren't important details,
so it's nothing
to be concerned about.
[groans]
Those are important details!
If I don't know
what heroic spirit you are
then I don't know
how powerful you are!
[Archer] That's
a trivial matter, master.
You call that trivial?
How can I formulate a strategy
without knowing
my partner's strength?
Now listen.
I am a servant summoned by you.
Of course I am
the most powerful.
[gasps]
[grunts]
Oh, well.
I suppose it won't change
the fact that no one else knows
his true identity,
either.
For the time being,
I'll overlook the issue
of who you really are.
And now, Archer,
time for your first job.
Straight to business.
My master is belligerent.
Who is my enemy?
[grunting]
Clean the living room.
You made that big mess
so I expect you
to make it spotless again.
[Archer] Now, just one moment.
What the hell
do you think servants are?
Familiars, right?
Only these talk back
and are unruly all the time.
[grunts]
I will do as you wish
and you can go to Hell, Master.
[groans]
It's time, Father.
The battle I've spent
the last ten years preparing for
will begin in the next day
or so.
This time...
It's my Holy Grail war.
[groans]
[birds chirping]
This is way beyond running
a little late.
[groans]
I'll skip school.
[exhales sharply]
[grunts]
Darn it.
I summoned Archer instead
of Saber last night somehow,
with the extra added bonus
that he hasn't the foggiest idea
of who he is.
Oh!
[Rin] All of a sudden I have
a terrible headache.
I'm exhausted.
Guess the summoning drained
every bit of my mana.
Whoa.
Maybe he's not so bad.
[Archer] The sun came up
long ago.
[gasps]
[Archer] You really are quite
the slob, aren't you, Master?
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Delicious.
[grunts]
‐ [scoffs]
‐ What the heck
are you smirking at?
More importantly,
have you managed
to remember who you are?
Not yet.
[Rin] All right,
fine.
I'll figure out something
to do about your amnesia
in due time.
Now get yourself ready
to go out, Archer.
I'm going to show you around
the city.
[Archer] Before we do that,
Master,
aren't you forgetting
something important?
I am?
I thought we covered everything.
Oh, brother.
Master,
the most important exchange
of our solemn pact
has yet to be carried out.
I don't understand.
What most important exchange?
I see.
You really aren't
a morning person,
are you, girl?
How dare you call me girl?
Who do you‐‐
[gasps]
Our names.
I forgot.
Ah, it finally clicked.
So then, Master,
what shall I call you
from now on?
[grunts]
My name is Rin Tohsaka.
You may call me whatever
you want.
Then I will call you Rin.
Yes.
The sound
of it suits you perfectly.
[chokes and coughs]
[distant engine revving]
[upbeat music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[dog barks]
[Rin] What do you think?
We can get a great view
from here, can't we?
[whooshing]
Ah.
If we had come here
in the first place,
we wouldn't have had
to walk around the city all day.
Oh, stop your whining.
All you get from up here
is a panoramic view of the city.
You can't get a feel for how
a city is laid out
unless you see it in person.
That's not true for me.
I am of the class called Archer.
Bowmen must
have excellent eyesight.
Let's see.
I can tell you exactly
how many tiles
are on that bridge.
I'm amazed.
The archer class really
is made up of archers.
[groans]
Rin.
Could it possibly be that you
are putting me on just
a little bit?
Don't be silly.
Of course not.
Hmm?
It's him.
I'm sure of it.
[scoffs]
Is it our enemy?
No, it's just an acquaintance.
A common citizen who has nothing
to do with all this.
I neglected
to ask you something.
‐ What?
‐ Rin,
you were vigorously trained
from an early age
to be a master
and you went along with that.
Correct?
That's right.
The dream of winning
the Holy Grail
has been with the Tohsaka family
for many generations.
Good, then.
I expect you know
what your goal is.
I cannot entrust my blades
to you unless I know
what you wish for.
Rin,
what is your wish?
[Rin] Wish?
I don't really have one.
You don't?
But that's impossible.
The Grail is an omnipotent cup
that can grant any desire.
You can even conquer
the whole world for yourself.
[Rin] I'll pass
'cause conquering
the world sounds like
a total pain
and I don't see the point
of wishing
for dumb things like that.
Help me understand, then.
Why are you fighting
in this war?
Because, Archer,
there's a battle
to be fought and won.
Wait, are you serious?
Yes.
I'm fighting to win,
and that's all.
[gasps]
All right.
You win.
You are insane
but most ideal for me.
You are absolutely
the perfect master.
There is no one else whom I
could hope to serve, my lady.
[Rin] Hey, uh...
[exhaling]
[giggles]
[gasping]
[Archer] Rin,
why are you hiding?
It's someone I know.
I played hooky
from school today
so I don't want
to run into anyone.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[birds chirping]
[Rin] Kirei, it's me.
I've sworn a pact
with the Archer.
Please officially list me
as a master.
[Kirei] Very well.
What are your plans, then?
Would you care to stop by
for a short visit?
I have something for you
that your parents left
in my care.
[Rin] Are you talking about
my father's will?
If so, I already deciphered it
and found what he left.
I'll stop by if I'm ever in
the mood,
so see to my listing, okay?
[Kirei] Rin, wai‐‐
[Archer] Are you going
to school?
Yes.
Why?
Is that a problem?
[Archer] No, but isn't
it difficult
to prepare
for unexpected attacks
in a school
with a lot of people?
That's the point.
We avoid battles
with other masters in public,
so I think we're pretty safe
at a school.
No one would try a sneak attack
in a public place like that.
[Archer] Purely hypothetically,
what will you do if there's
an enemy in this haven of yours?
[Rin] That won't happen.
There's only one mage family
in this entire city
besides the Tohsakas.
That family is a shadow
of its former self.
They could never produce
a master.
[Archer scoffs]
So what you are saying
is that there is indeed
another mage at your school,
but this person possesses
insufficient mana
to ever become a master.
Exactly.
[Archer] Nevertheless, Rin,
there is an exception
to everything.
What will you do if there's
a mage or mages
you are unaware of at school?
[whimpers]
[low hissing]
[grunts]
[Rin] This is more than just
a little pocket of stale air.
Can you tell if a bounded field
has already been set up here?
[Archer] Not fully,
but preparations seem
to be well underway.
To act so boldly,
this person is either
a heavy hitter...
[Rin] Or is a complete novice.
It's a third‐rate hack
if the field
can be sensed by others.
It's sloppy.
A first‐rate mage stays hidden
until they're ready to strike.
[Archer] Okay, Rin.
What is your plan?
I don't give
a damn whether this person
is first‐rate or third.
Whoever dared
to start putting up
crude garbage like this
in my territory gets taken out.
End of story.
Archer, after school,
we'll start by examining
the bounded field.
We'll decide on whether
to remove it or not once
we know what kind
of field it is.
[clattering]
[gasps]
Archer, we'll talk later.
Here, let me help you out,
Sakura.
[gasps]
Oh, Miss Tohsaka.
Thank you so much for your help,
really.
[Rin] It's no problem at all.
So are you taking these
to your class?
[Sakura] No, to Mr. Kuzuki.
He told me to bring them back
because there was a typo.
Kuzuki is a perfectionist,
all right.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
That's seven with this one.
Though this one seems
to be the trigger point.
[Rin] I've never seen
or even heard
of writing like this.
Darn it.
This is way over my head.
Archer, you already know
what kind
of bounded field this is, right?
If this bounded field
is ever activated,
it will literally dissolve
every human inside
of it to nothing.
This is soul‐eating.
A fortress of blood and horror
and pain that dissolves
any body within the field
and harvests its soul.
As for who or what
might want souls,
the answer is obvious.
It must be a servant.
Archer,
would your kind do such a thing?
[Archer] Yes, we would.
We are fundamentally
non‐corporeal beings.
Just as your kind partakes
of meat as nourishment,
servants partake of minds
and souls.
In other words,
the more of both we ingest,
the greater
our mana stores become.
[Rin] You mean the amount
of mana that masters supply
their servants is not enough?
[Archer] It's not that it
is not enough,
but that more is always better.
It is basic strategy
for a master to try
and get as much mana as possible
for his servant.
In that sense,
this bounded field
is highly effective.
That's totally disgusting to me.
Never say such a thing again,
Archer.
[Archer] I agree.
I would never do something
like that.
[grunts]
[exhales]
[Rin] Let's erase it, then.
I may not completely undo it,
but I can throw a wrench
in the works.
[Lancer] What,
you're gonna erase it now?
What a waste.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
[grunts]
[Rin] So,
is this your handiwork?
[Lancer] No.
Stooping to dirty tricks
is the role of the master.
My kind simply fight where
and when we're told.
Am I right,
my invisible buddy?
[gasps]
No way you can see him.
That means you're a servant.
And if you know all that,
little girl,
can I assume that you
are my enemy?
[Rin gasps]
[grunts]
[wind blowing]
[Rin] Fenced in on four sides.
We're at a disadvantage here.
[Lancer] Impressive.
You seem like you're ignorant
but it's obvious
to me that you have
the gist of things here.
Dammit,
I guess I really blew it.
I shouldn't have spoken up.
Curiosity got the better of me.
[gasps]
[panting]
[grunts]
[both grunting]
[Rin speaking foreign language]
[electric sparking]
[speaking foreign language]
Archer, handle the landing!
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
Archer.
[scoffs]
All right.
That's more like it.
I like people who get right down
to business.
[Rin] You're
a lancer‐class servant.
Indeed.
Now then,
your servant doesn't really
strike me as a Saber.
What are you, buddy?
Huh, not the proper single
combat type, either,
which makes you an Archer.
Go on.
Take out your bow, Archer.
I'll wait till you're ready.
[Rin] Archer?
[gasping]
That's right.
Archer, you'll get no assistance
from me.
Right here and right now,
show me what you've got.
[scoffs]
[grunts]
[blows landing]
[both grunting]
Gotcha!
[blows landing]
[both grunting]
[grunts]
[shouting]
This is it.
A battle between servants.
[scoffs and grunts]
[both grunting]
Go to Hell!
[gasps]
Archer!
[grunting]
[grunts]
A dual‐wielder.
So we have a mere bowman
who thinks he's a swordsman!
[grunts]
[blows landing]
[distant blows landing
[grunts]
[both grunting]
27 blades?
How many pieces do you have
hiding under your sleeve?
What's the matter?
Is wait and see
your strategy now,
or are you just taking
a little break?
Heh, trying to provoke me?
You're a sly old coot.
Fine, how about an introduction?
What land's heroic spirit
are you?
I've never heard of a bowman
who wields two swords.
You, on the other hand,
are identifiable.
Only the swiftest heroes
are chosen to be spearmen,
and you stand head
and shoulders above them.
There aren't even three spearmen
of your skill in the world.
Add to that
the unbridled agility
of a beast
and that leaves just one.
Ah, now you flatter me, Archer.
All right, then.
Will you face my mightiest blow?
I won't stop you.
I must defeat you sooner
or later.
[Rin] This is bad.
That massive amount of mana,
he's clearly about to use
his Noble Phantasm.
I've gotta do something.
Huh?
Who's there?
[gasps]
A student?
Someone was still
in the school building?
So it would seem.
It saved my life, actually.
[Rin] Wait.
Where did Lancer go?
[Archer] He chased after
that person.
He's a witness so
he probably went
to eliminate him.
[gasps]
Follow him, Archer!
I'll catch up with you!
[Rin] Dammit!
That was so careless!
Eliminating any witnesses
is the first rule of mages.
I hated that rule so I've always
been extra careful.
[breathing heavily]
[gasping]
Archer, go and follow Lancer.
If we don't at least learn
the face of his master,
this wasn't worth it.
Rin,
this is your responsibility.
Lancer pierced him
with his spear.
If his heart was hit,
there's no way to save him.
[gasps]
[Shirou gasping]
I'm sorry.
I'll sit with you until
it's over.
[gasps]
[breathing heavily]
Oh, no.
Why are you here?
Why did you have
to pick this hour
on this day to be here?
What am I gonna do?
How can I face her tomorrow?
Yes.
There's still a way.
[Archer] I'm sorry.
I failed.
This master has been
very cautious.
[Rin] Oh.
I guess I shouldn't
have expected it
to be that easy.
Hmm?
Ah, you went to get it for me.
Don't lose it again.
It doesn't suit anyone but you.
Really?
Well, thanks a lot.
As I thought.
There doesn't seem
to be any mana left in it.
Hey, wait a minute.
What is it, Rin?
When Lancer's master discovers
that the witness they thought he
had killed is still
walking around alive, then...
He will probably send Lancer
back out again to finish him.
[grunts]
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
I don't understand the logic
of these actions.
This isn't your burden to bear.
After what it cost me
to save his life,
I'm not about to let him die
at Lancer's hand.
[Rin] He's here.
I can sense Lancer nearby.
[grunting]
[gasps]
Come back, Rin!
[Archer] I'm sensing more
than one servant!
[breathing heavily]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [grunts]
[gasps]
[blows landing]
[both grunting]
[grunts]
[gasps]
It's her.
It's the Saber.
[Mashiro Ayano's "Ideal White"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Mashiro singing in Japanese]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪